Update MS Teams docs (#162)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-chatops: docs/admin/install/microsoft_teams_setup.md

3. Select the tile for the new Nautobot app. Click the blue “Add” button.
4. Proceed to the [Install Guide](index.md#Install-Guide) section.

## Nautobot Config

- `microsoft_app_id` - This is the "Microsoft App ID" from Azure step 10.

> - `microsoft_app_password` - This is the "Microsoft App ID" from Azure step 13.

Reviewer: Should this be `Client Secret` instead of `Microsoft App ID`?

```suggestion
- `microsoft_app_password` - This is the "Client Secret" from Azure step 13.
```
